Dear BioFire Diagnostics LLC,
        My name is Walter Lai, a student in the Master's of Data Science Program at Southern Methodist University.  Please consider this letter as my cover letter for the Software BioMathematician Intern position as posted on Indeed.  I am really passionate about predictive modeling, data visualization and would love to work with your team.  Please let me explain how I am a great candidate.

 	One of the requirements is programming experience in R.  I have created an R Shiny app that identifies the best variables to add to a multiple regression model that predicts the salaries of employees based on demographic features.  Action buttons allow users to add and remove variables from the regression model.  After each time a user adds or removes a variable the app suggests potential explanatory variables that would improve salary prediction.  The app shows partial residual plots for new variables controlling for the current model's variables.
The app:  https://wlai0611.shinyapps.io/multiregshiny/	 

	As further proof of R proficiency and understanding of statistical methods,
I have created an R Shiny app that identifies the best variables to add for a Naive Bayes classifier to classify whether employees will quit their jobs.  Action buttons allow users to add and remove variables from a Naive Bayes classifier.  After each time a user adds or removes a variable, the app shows the 10 fold cross validated Sensitivity and Specificity of all other explanatory variables if they were added to the model in a dot plot. 
The app:  https://wlai0611.shinyapps.io/bayesshiny/

	The intern is required to have a working knowledge of Python.  I have previously worked as a Data Analyst at Brooklyn College's Cognitive Psychology Lab.  We used Python and R extensively for analyses of keyboard typing experiments.  I created a Python script that generates random paragraphs of text for a user to practice typing on using pandas, numpy and dictionaries on Spyder.  The script is available here:
  https://github.com/wlai0611/letterFrequencyTextGenerator	

	The intern is required to demonstrate experience in data cleaning in machine learning.  I have led a group of 4 other SMU students in Kaggle's "House Prices Advanced Regression Techniques" competition to score in the 18th percentile using  multivariate regression techniques in SAS.  The competition challenged us to predict house prices based on any of the features of a dataset of houses which had many missing values and error entries.  The data consisted of 2919 rows with 89 variables.  The team and I imputed the median of certain variables and used regression to impute the values of certain variables.  
To build the best predicitve model,  I created a do-loop in SAS to iteratively calculate the Root Mean Square Error for every variable once it was added to the model.   
	  
	Regarding SQL, I used MS SQL to create a database to store typing data from a RShiny web app that helps people improve typing speed and accuracy:
https://walterlai.shinyapps.io/devapp/
Additionally, I passed Microsoft's Querying SQL Server 2012/2014 Exam with an 800/1000.
I am constantly trying to learn more about data management and am eager to relocate to Houston to join the team.
	

	I would love to join your team!  Please email me at walterlaicollege@gmail.com.

Walter Lai 	